in the heart of austin texas plays a
great outdoors it's not often seen on
every day drive to work but when you go
to these routes you're more than likely
going to find a story their story
it's just a come-as-you-are church
there's no no requirements involved just
show up and join the fellowship these
people whom often refer to themselves as
Cowboys come together every Sunday
morning for cowboy church cowboy church
is is a new way of doing church where we
do it the cowboy way they have church
twice a week and what looks like a barn
but what they call thanks you bought you
re thanks you burnt you worry we're just
going to be here temporarily until we
can come across a piece of land where we
can build a permanent structure like
ordinary churches and they seem nice
pray but unlike ordinary churches this
barn is a little hard to find but it's
hard to find for a reason this church
isn't for everyone it's for people they
can reach through the outdoors these are
people who want to go to events that
center around animals or the horse this
church isn't for everybody it's for a
group of people that was resistant to
coming to other churches this is the
only Cowboy Church in Austin there were
hundreds all over the US if tomorrow God
decided I shouldn't be pastor here I
wouldn't go back I wouldn't go back to a
traditional church I would just go find
me another cowboy church
oh this is like I said earlier their
story of a unique way to come together
every Sunday morning for cowboy church
Crystal Hall caviar news